Let's play to try and convey their
true working vibes,
to his favorite tremendous
Oh, it's already the quarter of the birthday
next to the mochi, yo
That's true, you really look excited
I'll send you a lot of letters
Maramoji, Narimoji, Gomamoji, Tato-moji
No, Tentarako, Tentarako, Tentarako, Tentarako
Oh, Mume-chan, next time you do an impression of an adult
and I'll come over, so you'll be the tsukuyaku, okay?
Okay, then next time I'll come over as the brother's servant instead of Kinu
Now!
Tentarako, Tentarako, Tentarako, Tentarako
I'll send you a lot of letters
No, Tentarako, Tentarako, Tentarako, Tentarako
Ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch!
Mume-chan, you're terrible! You hit my head with a stick
If this was real Kinu, I would have been killed by Mume-chan like a kachikachiyama old lady
Oh, it hurt!
I'm sorry, I got too into it and got tired
And I somehow got hungry
Oh, Mume-chan, you're terrible!
I somehow wanted to eat mochi
Oh,
Oh, you're eating again
Adults eat mochi every year before they get old
Yes, that's right. And every year, adults give us mochi
Yes, that's right. That's why I really want to eat mochi
Oh, no, you're not that mean
But you like mochi, don't you?
I like it too
Hey, Mume-chan, I hope mochi comes soon
Yes, look, you want mochi too, don't you?
You say mochi is mochi, but I want to eat it too
I hope mochi comes soon
I want it with tsukiyaki
I want it with norimaki
And I want abekawa
Oh, no, abekawa is the best
Abekawa is the best
Look
Oh, the blue-skinned girl is sweet
Hot mochi is irresistible
Oh, I'm an abekawa
I hate the sugar toilet
Oh, it's hot in the village
Oh, I'm an abekawa
I'm an abekawa